China is on the verge of collapse that
is a quote and I'm going to show you all
of the details you need to know this
isn't just one company like evergrand
this isn't even just a real estate
market of 62 trillion dollars inside of
China this goes well beyond what have we
started to see defaults they haven't
been able to pay their bills and as a
result there is chaos you can look at
the currency itself starting to be
devalued significantly and the
expectation is that we are going to see
a mega historic level bailout all of
that and more let's begin the very first
thing that we need to discuss today is
the edge of failure what I want to show
you number one in today's video was that
China did not do stimulus in 2020 every
other country seemed to be doing it
China didn't do so you have the economy
shutting down for three years and of
course right now consumption is low and
unemployment is high and it's getting
worse as we see businesses being unable
to keep up with everything they have
higher labor costs higher input costs
but not enough demand that's the
circumstance right here so let's look at
the next part well you could see it for
yourself that China has officially
fallen into deflation with consumer
prices dropping 0.3 percent year over
year in July it's a particularly
unwelcome ingredient into the mix
deflation is feared because declining
prices persuade people to defer
purchases and of course you'll see that
right people think why buy it now I
could just wait a while it's the exact
opposite of inflation where you say I'm
gonna buy it today because I know
tomorrow it's going to be more expensive
so China has a whole host of issues
today and I just want to give you the
entire bit so that you can make informed
decisions at the end I'm going to show
you the winners and losers in all of
this does that sound interesting let me
show you here it is
I'm going to give you this quote okay on
the 11th the economic Observer published
a newsletter titled Finance Bureau
Chiefs in the past half year reporting
on the work of three local Finance
Bureau Chiefs this year making 10
conclusions the final conclusion is it
is difficult to reduce expenditure and
increase income and here's the big one
check it out and the local finance and
National economy are on the verge of
collapse and thunder will explode at any
time can you believe it this is not
coming from me this is like as official
as it gets and you are getting this from
the high level sources but it doesn't
stop there I just wanted to highlight
that very first thing now you look at
this China central bank Governor calls
for economic Prudence as his retirement
nears so this wasn't that long ago okay
July 2023 you got this guy saying we
need some prunes we need to step off the
gas we don't want to get too excessive
and then he retires or was it hey it's
time for you to retire now we're gonna
step on the gas that's what's going on
here today this battle in between hey we
didn't want to do stimulus we don't want
to do this because it creates inflation
and then we've got a mess to deal with
where the whole world is saying no no we
want to create as much inflation as
possible we want to devalue our currency
significantly and we're going back to
the metal
now we are going to see what happens in
the next little while but this is the
big concern for China
high levels of debt and this is what's
known my goodness how much is out there
because a lot of that as I will show you
today in a couple minutes you can shift
the debt to the local establishments and
that kind of hides it what am I talking
about I'll explain in a sec okay high
levels of debt it is I mean unbelievable
this debt to GDP ratio is over 300. over
300 or or will be anyway and that's the
expectation by Morgan Stanley that's you
know very likely other countries are you
know getting up there but certainly uh
not not as high Japan is of course
higher but there are very few countries
that are doing the same thing they want
that growth and they've been willing to
take on debt the only problem is uh
they're encountering some issues as a
result
pboc that's the People's Bank of China
the Central Bank of China right they
were their advisor says that China
urgently needs to boost consumption
Tai Fang calls for putting money
directly in people's pockets you heard
that before oh yeah officials have
avoided what some of them call
welfareism they want to actually
stimulate something they haven't really
done they've been doing a little bit of
this and that and as I record this video
there was um you know unexpected an
emergency cut they did rate Cuts in
China which they've done before but this
is now an emergency one unexpectedly
trying to cut those interest rates
trying to stimulate trying to have more
lending more borrowing taking place
today because there is a concern so you
have the actual imagine like as if
Jerome Powell came out and said we need
to do something that just Ubi we need to
just send money out to everybody imagine
what would happen well that's kind of
the equivalent here that's unbelievable
but here you go the most urgent goal
right now is to stimulate household
consumption and it is necessary to use
all reasonable legally compliant and
economic channels to put money in
Residence Pockets so you know what's
going to happen they're going to cut
interest rates or at least what they
want to do cut interest rates print some
money buy the stocks and actually give
out tax incentives and probably cash
directly to people that's what's going
on right here are they then going to use
their e c and Y their version of the
Central Bank digital currency in order
to push it out here everybody here's
some free money here you go here you go
here's a thousand dollars equivalent
here's two thousand dollars whatever the
case is
just sign up right here get your e c n y
what do you think do you think that
what's coming here is going to somehow
tie in to expanding their beta project
of the digital currency in to everybody
well it's possible we will see I'm
interested to know what you think this
is like the the uh official uh
documentation because I always show you
directly from the source I don't want to
just take it from Bloomberg Reuters you
can see it same thing Kai Fang promoting
the return of consumption should be the
most urgent policy goal this is uh
translated article I believe that I had
pulled up so how do you get people out
of these uh recessions you you lock them
down for three years that's right we
need to stimulate the growth we need to
stimulate the consumption and we are
willing to take a risk on the inflation
that's going on we need to learn a
lesson from this and that is as soon as
there is some level of deflation
immediately the central Bankers the
governments start hammering us with
inflation and we've got to expect the
same thing in the United States in
Canada Australia New Zealand the UK and
so on do you see what I'm saying here do
you understand this is coming let me go
we're not even halfway done yet because
I'm going to talk about the defaults
that have happened or are about to
happen let me show you what's going on a
36 year old wealth management firm in
China with more than a hundred thousand
High net worth clients delayed payment
of its maturing wealth products as both
company and its parent faced liquidity
crunch due to the soured investment in
the property sector so they are
connected of course to the real estate
this one company I'm probably going to
pronounce it wrong it is zon wrong
International trust they have you know
basically failed to give their money
back to its clients over the past few
days after its second largest
shareholder reportedly ran out of cash
earlier this month the chain of events
the domino effect one campaign the other
doesn't get their money suddenly the
clients don't have that cash and you've
got an issue that's what's going on
right here the defaults have begun and
it's not just ever Grand it's not just
the real estate industry but that starts
to snowball and what other companies are
there any U.S companies that are
affected by this you better believe it
I'm going to show you
at the list I gave that as part of this
and of course the sources will be in the
description as always if you appreciate
this information hit that Thumbs Up
Button I'm going to bring you the
details you need to know let me go
further into it right here
um they just talk about the fact that
they haven't paid back that's a default
that's officially a default okay now who
knows if later on they're gonna be able
to pay that back or whatever uh or
they're going to get some form of
bailout but at this time not happening
one of China's biggest Shadow Banks
skipped payments on several investment
products sparking rare protests in
Beijing as the Fallout from a deepening
property slump spreads to the financial
sector same company but this is coming
from uh Bloomberg in this case here I
give you both sources by the way I gave
some of the sources from Asia some of
the sources from like Bloomberg Reuters
and so on so that we have a mix all
around the world information coming
through you know is one more accurate
than the other well why not just show it
all that's what I'm trying to do here at
this channel that's what makes this
different I don't just get it from One
Source or even worse don't even show the
sources and you simply take my word for
it no I'm giving you the data look this
is important because it is affecting a
lot of the different banks investment
companies and it will teach us a lesson
about what's going to happen even in you
know other countries as well okay this
is not this is what we got to do we got
to learn from the issues that are taking
place now as well as in the past
pressure is building across China's
financial markets given a slew of
disappointing economic data renewed
concerns about the property sector and
unfolding crisis in the shadow banking
system investors are calling for more
aggressive easing by Beijing as the
incremental policy so far have failed to
revive confidence that's right that's
right the stimulus that you've been
doing so far
not going to cut it we need a big boost
they are going to devalue the currency
if it all you know if it all happens we
will see uh they've been calling for
this for a while and now it's really
starting to take effect okay already the
currency has
um depreciated against the US dollar but
there's more to that more and more to
that by the way a lot of the suppliers
inside of China are probably in this
case if they're still getting a lot of
work
they're actually not happy they're not
too sad about this because they're
making US dollar in most cases so that
is kind of boosting them up in that
circumstance okay so you've got the uh
Shadow Banks they're defaulting right
here and now as well as the hidden
problems emerging hidden problems what
are we talking about well let me let me
give you an idea
China to shift 139 billion dollars of
hidden local debt to the provinces
program marks a step to address the
threats to financial stability allowance
has been set for each region for each
region I mean what are you talking about
here China will allow provincial level
governments to raise about 139 billion
dollars equivalent via Bond sales is
anybody going to buy those maybe the
government will to repay the debt of the
local government financing Vehicles
trillion by the way and other off
balance sheet issuers okay
this is what they're doing you've got
these refinancing bonds what does that
sound like to you I can't pay you today
but here's an IOU here you go here's my
IOU I'll pay you back tomorrow
well
I'm not so sure about that
I'm not so sure we've heard about this
historically where countries had been
unable to pay their citizens pensions or
whatever the case is and they say here's
a little Bond we'll pay you in 10 years
that's the kind of thing that they're
doing right here and now are an
investors going to pick that up I'm
honestly not too sure Country Garden is
in danger of a default rivaling ever
grant that crisis would hurt buyer
confidence as the housing and housing
market Builders have increasingly
reported to use its grace period so you
can't pay you got 30 days pay up they've
all barely made it okay there we go
that's what's happening Country Garden
has more projects than ever rent so ever
Grant I think is bigger in terms of the
amount of total debt 300 billion dollars
Country Garden is actually more more
going on so we'll see
how it goes on same situation here just
trying to address the financial
stability and they're not doing so much
of a good job here you asked for it
who's effective BlackRock Alliance are
among the holders of Country Garden
bonds Fidelity UBS are on there as well
I can give you the whole chart as you
see BlackRock HSBC Alliance Fidelity UBS
JP Morgan on and on and on okay so if
you want to pause that or you want to
look at the sources they are there for
you this is all coming down right here
and now and I'm not saying it's going to
be a failure I'm not saying that this
collapse is actually going to wipe China
off the map or something absolutely not
what I'm telling you specifically is
that they are going to go and they are
going to print an excessive amount of
cash they're going to stimulate and they
are going to reignite the inflationary
fire this is of course course dangerous
in its own way you've got to be careful
you've got to watch out this is
extremely important because this is the
lesson that we need to learn China asks
some funds to avoid net Equity sales as
Market sync so China is saying uh oh
yeah funds don't sell don't sell your
stocks and I'm sure they're not going to
in fact take a look you could see us
right at the support line
um going you know this is the basically
the tech index of China
and uh it's right at that level it's
been here basically bouncing around
since 2022 and they're not gonna let it
go down below that hold it right there
all right unless you want to be in
trouble
trying to ask some banks to reduce or
delay dollar buying this was back in on
August 1st okay they're trying to watch
uh oh we don't want our currency to be
devalued that much but guess what
happened plummeting down
7.33 seven uh you want 33 and basically
that used to be around the seven Mark so
this has been going down and down and
down and down and down over the last
little while and I think it's really
important that we see what's going on
there's not just one point let me just
talk about Country Garden no I want to
give you the whole Spectrum so you can
understand it I need to obviously go
deeper into each one of these but now
you get the whole Spectrum what do you
do though are you gonna sit back okay
just click on the next video well maybe
if you don't want to be informed but I'm
about to show you some stuff okay watch
this beware of your exposure check this
out assess your portfolio right now what
kind of exposure do you have have to
China watch it very closely if I'm not
mistaken Michael birdie sold off all his
positions in the Chinese firms maybe he
was saying that uh you know what's gonna
happen but we'll see I I who knows what
he has right now I really don't know I
didn't look at the whole 13f
you could see the announcement of
massive stimulus will boost stocks
inside of China which have been looking
very weak as I showed you a moment ago
so as soon as they announced that
stimulus as soon as the market is
confident enough that they are going to
be doing everything markets can go up up
and up
so who knows and then the holding real
assets are in times of excess so when we
know that they're going to do fiscal and
monetary that's government and Central
Bank policies pushing that out there
that's a time of excess and more debt
will ensue as a result of this you have
to own real assets during these times it
is extremely important so that's my
message to you you don't just take this
information and run you don't just go
away like most people do you stay to the
end because I'm gonna give you the
details that are the most important
right at the end only for those who
stick around now you get this serious
stuff I get it I wanted to highlight the
comment of the day which is directly
linked to this this was before and it
got worse actually since the comment
RMB sitting at 7.29 very close to
Breaking support China has no viable
means to defend the currency so it will
break just a matter of when a break in
the RMB will result in debt defaults and
will be felt outside of China thank you
very much comment of the day from I
can't pronounce it but
g-o-u-k-u-x I want to thank you for that
comments are coming in and I'm trying to
highlight them I thank you so much every
day I'm trying to do a comment of the
day if I can but if you want to
communicate with me directly the best
place to do that is Discord I got so
much free stuff on Discord and I'm
trying to figure out how I can do
giveaways that's the challenge I said
I'm gonna do giveaways I promise I will
I just need to figure out how to
actually do the giveaways uh and that
will be coming so you're going to get
that only if you're on Discord so go
down below there's a link Discord it's
totally free and that's like a chat app
where we can chat communicate and get
free information okay so hit that I'll
see you there